Fix unreachable errors when taking a backup (#17062)
vitessio/vitess: changelog/21.0/21.0.0/summary.md

    - **[vtctldclient ChangeTabletTags](#vtctldclient-changetablettags)**
    - **[Support for specifying expected primary in reparents](#reparents-expectedprimary)**

> ## <a id="known-issue"/>Known Issue</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## <a id="known-issues"/>Known Issue</a>
```

Reviewer: id needs to be consistent between TOC and actual content.

Author: Fixed via [1205315](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/17062/commits/1205315b507ad45d65b6f6651e5ab47eb1c267f1)

### <a id="backup-reports-as-successful"/>Backup reports itself as successful despite failures</a>

> In this release, we identified an issue where a backup may succeed even if a file fails to be backed up.
> Leading to a successful backup, even if some errors occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this release, we have identified an issue where a backup may succeed even if one of the underlying files fails to be backed up. The underlying errors are ignored and the backup action reports success.
```

Author: Fixed via [1205315](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/17062/commits/1205315b507ad45d65b6f6651e5ab47eb1c267f1)

> This only happen with the Builtin Backup Engine, and when all files have already been initiated in the backup process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue exists only with the `builtin` backup engine, and it can occur only when the engine has already started backing up all files.
```

Author: Fixed via [1205315](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/17062/commits/1205315b507ad45d65b6f6651e5ab47eb1c267f1)

> For more details, please refer to the related GitHub Issue https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/17063.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please refer to https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/issues/17063 for more details.
```

Author: Fixed via [1205315](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess/pull/17062/commits/1205315b507ad45d65b6f6651e5ab47eb1c267f1)
